CI-9239 push trigger for TI (#2937)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/8_Pipelines/speed-up-ci-test-pipelines-using-parallelism.md

To ensure that your test reports are correctly published and time-based test splitting works, you must do the following:

> * Configure your test runner and formatter to publish your test reports in the [JUnit](https://junit.org/junit5/) XML format and include filenames in the XML output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Configure your test runner and formatter to publish your test reports in the [JUnit](https://junit.org/junit5/) XML format and include file names in the XML output.
```
